[docs] Document additional env variables used by `d8 mirror` family of commands (#9077)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE-FAQ.md

      - To authenticate in a third-party registry, you need to use the `--source-login` and `--source-password` parameters;
   - `--images-bundle-chunk-size=N` — to specify the maximum file size (in GB) to split the image archive into. As a result of the operation, instead of a single file archive, a set of `.chunk` files will be created (e.g., `d8.tar.NNNN.chunk`). To upload images from such a set of files, specify the file name without the `.NNNN.chunk` suffix in the `d8 mirror push` command (e.g., `d8.tar` for files like `d8.tar.NNNN.chunk`).

   Additional configuration options for the `d8 mirror` family of commands are available as environment variables:

>     - `HTTP_PROXY`/`HTTPS_PROXY` — proxy URLs for HTTP(S) requests unless overridden by `$NO_PROXY`;

Reviewer: > proxy URLs
Is it a proxy URL or a list of proxy URLs?

Reviewer: @mvasl

Author: Single url

Reviewer: Offered the suggestion.

>     - `HTTP_PROXY`/`HTTPS_PROXY` — proxy URLs for HTTP(S) requests unless overridden by `$NO_PROXY`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `HTTP_PROXY`/`HTTPS_PROXY` — URL of the proxy server for HTTP(S) requests to hosts that are not listed in the variable `$NO_PROXY`;
```

>     - `NO_PROXY` — comma-separated list of hosts to exclude from proxying. Supported value formats include IP addresses (1.2.3.4), CIDR notations (1.2.3.4/8), domains, and the asterisk character (*).  The IP addresses and domain names can also include a literal port number (1.2.3.4:80). The domain name matches that name and all the subdomains. The domain name with a leading "." matches subdomains only. For example, "foo.com" matches "foo.com" and "bar.foo.com"; ".y.com" matches "x.y.com" but does not match "y.com". A single asterisk `*` indicates that no proxying should be done;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `NO_PROXY` — comma-separated list of hosts to exclude from proxying. Supported value formats include IP addresses (`1.2.3.4`), CIDR notations (`1.2.3.4/8`), domains, and the asterisk character (`*`).  The IP addresses and domain names can also include a literal port number (`1.2.3.4:80`). The domain name matches that name and all the subdomains. The domain name with a leading `.` matches subdomains only. For example, `foo.com` matches `foo.com` and `bar.foo.com`; `.y.com` matches `x.y.com` but does not match `y.com`. A single asterisk `*` indicates that no proxying should be done;
```
